I already have working code for the Forecasting Dashboard and core functionalities. Please do not modify or move any of my existing code under or inside the navigation bar structure. The navbar should only handle which section is displayed, not alter my working models.

I want to add a clean, simple navigation system (either a top or sidebar menu) that separates my app into five main tabs:

1. Home Page

Display the main title: “EnerJee – AI for Smarter Renewable Energy Planning.”

Add a tagline: “Forecast. Optimize. Simulate. Sustain.”

Below that, include a simple carousel or a rotating section (or just static slides if easier) that highlights key features like:

“Accurate Renewable Forecasting”

“Smart City Energy Optimization”

“Interactive AI Mentor for Sustainability”

“Data-Driven Carbon Impact Insights”

Keep the layout minimal, clean, and centered. This will act as the landing screen.

2. Forecasting Dashboard

This tab should load the entire existing forecasting code that I’ve already built — including the left sidebar, charts, and model outputs.

Don’t rewrite or modify this section. Just make sure it’s displayed when this tab is selected.

3. Smart City (Smart City Energy Optimizer)

This is a new feature that I want to add as an interactive module — not a replacement for anything existing.

Core Idea:

The user acts as an energy planner for a smart city.

The goal is to optimize renewable energy (solar, wind, hydro, tidal) while keeping cost and emissions balanced.

The cities are Delhi, Pune, Chennai, Mumbai, and Kolkata, each with unique renewable strengths.

Simulation Flow:

Step 1: The user picks a city — each has different base efficiency and renewable potential.

Step 2: The user allocates investment percentages for solar, wind, hydro, and tidal.

Step 3: Run a yearly simulation where weather, random events, and efficiency affect total energy output.

Step 4: Display results showing energy generated, CO₂ saved, public satisfaction, and remaining budget.

Step 5: Allow multiple simulation rounds, ending with a final summary and sustainability ranking.

Simulation Logic:

Use simple random variation to represent weather and seasonal conditions.

Each energy source should have parameters like:

setup cost

maintenance cost

efficiency

carbon offset value

Add a random event system, for example:

events = [
    "Unexpected drought reduces hydro output!",
    "Government subsidies boost solar by 20%",
    "Storm damages wind turbines temporarily"
]


Each event should trigger randomly and slightly affect the generation or cost values.

Display / UI:

Include input fields for city selection, investment sliders, and a “Run Simulation” button.

Display results with metrics and optional graphs (matplotlib or plotly).

For example, the output might look like this:

City: Chennai  
Energy Generated: 850 MWh  
Budget Remaining: ₹1.2M  
CO₂ Saved: 3,400 tons  
Public Satisfaction: 82%  
Rank: Silver Sustainability


Enhancements (Optional):

Add a simple optimization suggestion (for example, using scipy.optimize) to find the most efficient mix automatically.

Add an end-of-simulation leaderboard comparing all user runs.

This module should be cleanly coded, modular, and fully independent.

Keep the code readable and well-commented so I can explain each part during my presentation.

4. AI Energy Mentor

This section should embed a link to my custom GPT — not use any API.

Use an iframe or component to display it, so the user can chat directly within the app.

Example:

st.components.v1.iframe("https://chat.openai.com/g/your-gpt-link", height=600)


The embedded GPT acts as an advisor that explains data insights and answers “what-if” questions interactively.

5. Contact Us

Create a simple contact page that includes:

Our email address, phone number, and social media links (LinkedIn, Instagram, GitHub placeholders are fine).

A feedback form with name, email, and message fields (no backend submission needed — just UI placeholders).

Keep the layout professional and aligned with the rest of the app design.

General Instructions:

Use a clean navigation bar or sidebar — no emojis.

All sections should load independently.

Do not move or alter any of my existing forecasting dashboard code — just wrap it under the correct navigation condition.

Keep the entire layout consistent, responsive, and well-commented.

Make sure Replit doesn’t accidentally nest or duplicate content inside the navbar logic.

In short: build a multi-section Streamlit app structure with Home, Forecasting, Smart City, AI Mentor, and Contact Us tabs — preserving all my current progress exactly as it is.